Before I show you how to fix this issue
let me explain why this error happened.
If we view our page source
and find
our style sheet
As well as javascript reference here we'll see
it's using http protocol while our production's
URL it is using HTTPS. So basically Heroku
expects our style sheet and JavaScript in
HTTPS
So there are two options to fix this issue
so the first option is to replace the laravel asset
helper function in our layout with secure asset
so let me show it to you in tinker
here
if we write asset css app.css
we'll find the full URL of app.css
with http. Now if we call secure asset
we'll find the URL in https. So all you have to do
is open the app.blade.php and replace all asset
function call with secure_asset. After that you can commit
and push your changes to Heroku and I'm sure
all errors will be gone.
But one thing to note if you're using this
approach is that the https will also applied
in development which is not ideal.
So if you want the HTTPS will only be applied in
production then you can use the second option.
To do that
let's open app
service provider
here in boot method
let's add lines of code like this
If config app dot env is equals production
then we'll be making use
the URLfacade and then call force scheme
https
so this code tells laravel that in production
the URL will be forced to https.
All right
let's save the change, then commit it into our git repo
Don't forget to push the changes to Hiroko. Here
I can do that in this integrated terminal
but for this purpose I prefer to use native terminal
because it gives me overall feedback during development
without need to scroll screen git push heroku master
All right
let's go back to our browser and then reload the page
Now all errors gone
and here our production app appears and shows us a message
no question available.
so let me create new account by hitting register link
okay new account created successfully.
Now let me create new question
I'll enter question title
then I'll enter
question body
and then I'll hit ask question button.
Great.
My first question created. Let me show the question
and here I'll answer my own question
I'll hit submit button new answer
added here.
Now I'll favorite this question. I'll hit
upvotes the vote counts increasing. Last
I'll make this answer as best answer.
All right
I think everything working just fine as expected.
So congratulations your Laravel app now online.
Be sure to show it off to your friends.